content/cubs/_index.md, before:

---
title: "CUBS 2023: Cal Undergraduate BioE Symposium"
date: 2019-12-24T13:40:00+06:00
image: images/blog/blog-post-01.jpg
feature_image: images/cubs/cubs.jpg
author: Alexender Schoitiz
---
### Get ready to present your BioE research!

> iGEM at Berkeley is excited to bring you the second Undergraduate Bioengineering Symposium this coming spring, featuring the latest undergraduate-led BioE research, on **Tuesday, May 2nd**.

>Any questions? Please email <cubs@igem.berkeley.edu>, and a member will get back to you. 

&nbsp;

### Timeline

> **[UPDATE] Wednesday, April 12th, 11:59pm**: Abstract due (Deadline Extended from April 2)

> **Early April**: Students notified of confirmed selection

> **Mid-late April**: Poster submission due

> **Tuesday, May 2nd**: Symposium @ 290 Hearst Mining Building from 12:00 - 4:00 p.m.

&nbsp;

### Abstract Formatting Guidelines

Make sure your abstract meetings the following requirements:

* Abstracts are limited to a maximum of 150 words. We strongly recommend abstracts are at least 100 words.

* Abstracts may be submitted individually, or on behalf of a group or team; if the latter is the case, please make sure to note so accordingly on the [**Present Registration Google Form**](https://forms.gle/GjATj185Y87WbKe1A) and have a main point of contact submit the abstract for your team. 

* A successful abstract will:
  1. Establish the motivation for the project or research undertaking (what is the problem? how has the problem been approached previously, and what are limitations to this approach?)
  2. Delineate an idea or approach that addresses this issue and previous hurdles other approaches have attempted.
    **You do not need to have, or mention, concluding results, data or figures; rather, a conceptual plan and some overview of (planned) testing and development is sufficient, and encouraged, to highlight at this time.
  3. Note certain applications of your study or research, and if applicable, future steps you will take to further your research that you would like to highlight.  
&nbsp;
* The abstract should be submitted as a **PDF, with 12-point Arial font and 1-inch margins (150 word limits)**.

* A sample abstract and formatting can be found [**here**](https://bit.ly/cubs-sample-abstract)

Submit your abstract [**here**](https://bit.ly/cubs-sp23) by **Sunday, April 2nd (EXTENDED to Wednesday, April 12th)**

Commit message:

added Botchan Lab, CUBS take down

content/cubs/_index.md, after:

---
title: "CUBS Fall 2023: December 5"
date: 2019-12-24T13:40:00+06:00
image: images/blog/blog-post-01.jpg
feature_image: images/cubs/cubs.jpg
author: Alexender Schoitiz
---
### Get ready to present your research!

> iGEM at Berkeley is excited to bring you a special series of posters and presentations this fall in the **Hearst Memorial Mining Building** on the University of California, Berkeley's campus. Our semesterly Undergraduate Bioengineering Symposium features the latest undergraduate-led research in the field from student organizations like ours and various independent researchers. This fall, CUBS will be on **Tuesday, December 5** from **10:00 a.m. — 3:00 p.m. PST**.

> Any questions? Please email <cubs@igem.berkeley.edu>, and a member of our club will get back to you.

> If you're **interested in presenting at CUBS Fall 2023**, please take a look at the following timeline. All Berkeley undergraduates conducting bioengineering research are encouraged to send their abstracts and join us for CUBS!

&nbsp;

### Timeline

> **Sunday, November 12, 2023 at 11:59 p.m. PST**: Abstract due

> **Mid-late November**: Students notified of confirmed selection

> **Late November**: Poster submission due

> **Tuesday, December 5, 2023**: Symposium @ 290 Hearst Mining Building from 12:00 - 4:00 p.m.

&nbsp;

### Abstract Formatting Guidelines

Make sure your abstract meetings the following requirements:

* Abstracts are limited to a maximum of 150 words. We strongly recommend abstracts are at least 100 words.

* Abstracts may be submitted individually, or on behalf of a group or team; if the latter is the case, please make sure to note so accordingly on the [**Presentation Registration Google Form**](https://bit.ly/fa23-cubs) and have a main point of contact submit the abstract for your team. 

* A successful abstract will:
  1. Establish the motivation for the project or research undertaking (what is the problem? how has the problem been approached previously, and what are limitations to this approach?)
  2. Delineate an idea or approach that addresses this issue and previous hurdles other approaches have attempted.
    **You do not need to have, or mention, concluding results, data or figures; rather, a conceptual plan and some overview of (planned) testing and development is sufficient, and encouraged, to highlight at this time.
  3. Note certain applications of your study or research, and if applicable, future steps you will take to further your research that you would like to highlight.  
&nbsp;
* The abstract should be submitted as a **PDF, with 12-point Arial font and 1-inch margins (150 word limits)**.

* A sample abstract and formatting can be found [**here**](https://bit.ly/cubs-sample-abstract)

Submit your abstract at [**bit.ly/fa23-cubs**](https://bit.ly/fa23-cubs) by **Sunday, November 12, 2023 at 11:59 p.m. PST**
